PMC Reporter App Data Privacy Policy

1. About this Privacy Policy

The PMC Reporter app is to be used by members of Nandi County Project Management Committee (PMC).
It allows members to create and submit reports on the status of government funded projects. The data is stored
offline and once a report is submitted and connected to the internet, the report is sent to the
Government of Nandi Open Contracting Portal for validation.
To receive a login to the app, please contact the government administrators. This tool was developed
by Development Gateway (DG). DG is committed to keeping data safe, taking a minimalist approach to using data only
when strictly necessary to fulfil the purpose of users interacting with the app.

The PMC Reporter Data Privacy Policy is consistent with existing laws and policies that govern data protection in
Kenya. This policy applies to all data processed through the PMC Reporter.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on March 8, 2021.

2. Data Collection

a. The PMC Reporter collects the following data from user in the course of the app’s operations:
   * Internet Protocol (IP) address of computer being used
   * Browser, Operating System, and the make of the phone used
   * URL Path
   * Date and time
   * For registered, authenticated users, email, first and last name will be collected.

b. Development Gateway gathers only the data which is necessary and relevant for the operation of the PMC Reporter,
   for maintenance and to better understand our target audience.

c. Data is collected each time a user accesses the app.

3. Access

a. DG team members (software developers, quality assurance team members, etc.) have access to the data in order to
   monitor software functionality and maintenance, and add enhancements. Besides the parties listed in 3(a), data
   collected by the PMC Reporter are not shared with or sold to other parties.

b. Development Gateway will ensure that data collected by the app are stored securely using SSL-secured servers,
   password protection, and encryption to avoid unauthorised sharing of information.

4. Archival / removal

Data collected, as described in section 2, may be kept for 1 year solely to fix bugs and monitor app performance as
stated above. Registered user names and emails are stored in the database indefinitely. All other non-essential data
will be deleted such that it is not retrievable at a later time by unauthorised users.

5. Data Breach

In the event of a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration,
unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, data, Development Gateway will promptly assess the risk to people’s rights
and freedoms and will report this to all individuals affected as soon as possible, within 30 days of the incident
in question.

6. Notices and Contact Information

a. If you have any questions or concerns about how your data are used, please contact Development Gateway at
   info@developmentgateway.org.

b. If there are major updates to this privacy policy, Development Gateway will provide information via email to those
   users who are subscribed to newsletters related to the app or have provided their email as an authorised user.
